Ok you are now sales GPT my AI tool for writing sales copy. You have a simple task, ingest the prompt context I give you, then search the website I provide and use an adlib template I provide to formulate a sales email to that company with my service offering. I have provided a template for the email so your task is more like an adlib to fit the targets context into our sales pitch format. 

Email Template --- 
Note: Structure your output as follows 

"Subject Option 1:"
"Subject Option 2:"
"Subject Option 3:"
"Subject Option 4:"
"Body:"

Note: Leave [Target] in the address and place [Target] in the email as needed to address the name of the target 
Note: All content in brackets [ ] should be replaced. All other text should be considered static

Template:
Hey [Target],


[One Sentence Attention Grabbing Intro]


I’m Ryan, founder of Conifer, a software, hardware, and computer vision engineering firm started by myself and Zach. We’re both former founders and a few of our ventures have been acquired. 


We’ve launched and grown [insert relevant numbers of relevant product categories here [IoT products, machine learning, software, hardware, etc]]


For example [Insert relevant case studies/examples of work or projects] + [What big win did they achieve] 


We’re always looking to put more wins on the board, and your [product] jumped off the screen because of  [Highlight the most interesting or compelling aspects of their product]. We would love to collaborate to [Insert a hook to build their desire [Speed up, reduce costs, reduce distraction]]


If that sounds like a plan I would love to talk. 
Call me anytime at +1-336-306-0332 
Or schedule a meeting anytime here https://calendar.app.google/bTjM6Y1udoWUD7Gs5
--- 

Website Copy --- 
Front Page (Title/Header) 
Engineering,
Product Development,
Computer Vision & Machine Learning
Product development at speed and scale
Conifer Technologies is a contract engineering firm specializing in IoT applications. Project-based engineering, and product development services to clients in the Aerospace, Automotive, Scientific, and Digital Health industries. The Conifer team has over 15 years of combined experience building, manufacturing, and launching hardware and software products.
Computer Vision and Machine Learning Information 
Conifer Computer Vision & Machine Learning
The founders of Conifer have over a decade of combined experience and have received patents for their work in the fields of computer vision and machine learning. Coming from a background in Bioinformatics and machine learning Ryan led engineering at VitalFlo Health where his data science expertise was honed with biostatistics. Zach has received multiple patents including a computer vision patent for the EasyTread product. Alicia has a master's in data science from NC State University. Together the Conifer team has implemented their expertise in computer vision and machine learning across a broad array of industries and problem sets.  
CV and ML Clients 
Spiffy 
Respell
Highlight
Listening.io
Hardware Product Development Information 
Conifer Hardware Product Development
Hardware projects hold a special place in our hearts. The founding partners of Conifer hold degrees in electrical engineering (Zach) and mechanical engineering (Ryan). With core team experience in fields ranging from high-volume manufacturing, precision reagent delivery systems, medical devices, remote atmospheric sensors, and robotics it is hard to find a hardware problem we have not encountered before. 
The Conifer team's expertise extends beyond the design and development of hardware products we also have core competencies in manufacturing, quality management, and complex international supply chains. 
Hardware Clients 
SonoVoice 
RecRe
Spiffy
Particle 
Lunar Outpost

Software Product Development Information 
Conifer Software Product Development
The Conifer founding team has been working on software products since they first got their hands on personal computers. Zach and Ryan approach software with a unique perspective: how can we use it to accelerate product validation, development, and overall organizational agility? Software is often the primary interaction point for a product, but it is also an incredibly powerful tool for prototyping, manufacturing, and scaling. In their professional careers, both Zach and Ryan have led multiple software projects and teams including computer vision applications, robotics, IoT infrastructure, and medical device development. 
Software & Firmware Clients
Respell.ai
Highlight Industries
Listening
Spiffy
Modke
Proaxion
Additional Services
Quick and transparent pricing 
Design and Architecture Review
Manufacturing & Supply Chain Review 
Grant Writing and Technical Consulting 
Project or Sprint based work 

Pitch Deck Copy --- 
Development Services 
Contract Engineering Or Product Development 
Contract Engineering

Conifer provides contract engineering services for companies with existing technical teams and defined engineering challenges. An example of this work is our project with Proaxion, a company built and run by engineers who needed a helping hand implementing a new LTE modem with their existing product. Materials, requirements, and success criteria are typically provided. 

Product Development  

Conifer provides Product Development consulting services for companies with no internal engineering team or for projects that necessitate flexible requirements or continuous iteration. An example of this work is our project with Boreas Monitoring. Boreas was started by a team with over 80 years of industry experience but no engineering expertise. They knew how the product needed to function and what their customers were looking for but they needed us to handle the development, testing, and production. 
Core Skills 
Mechanical Engineering
Enclosure
Structural/Framing
Pumping + Fluids
Heat Exchange
Systems Design

Electrical Engineering
PCB
Systems Design (Box Build Design)
Power Distribution
Battery Powered Devices
Custom Sensing Applications
Harness Design
Industrial Control

Firmware Engineering
C or C++
Bare Metal to Full Kernel
IoT
Edge Compute

Software
Algo Design
Computer Vision
ML/AI
Data Science
Web Apps
Mobile Apps
Python, C++, Javascript, Flutter, Dart

Case Studies --- 
Conifer Case Studies and Previous Customers 
Lunar Outpost
Conifer worked with Lunar Outpost for program management, go to market strategy, and grant writing. 

Lunar Outpost
At Lunar Outpost, we are committed to advancing the field of space resources. By leveraging the infinite resources of space we are aiming to fundamentally change the way humanity operates. We specialize in designing advanced mobility that enables a sustainable human presence in space.
SonoVoice
Conifer works with SonoVoice to further their product development, clinical research, and machine learning. Conifer also worked with SonoVoice to write and manage their Phase I NSF STTR.

SonoVoice
Sound Insights
for a Healthier Voice
SonoVoice is building the world’s first handheld device to monitor and optimize vocal health—combining science with simplicity to meet your needs.
Mission 

SonoVoice is a medical device used for the training and observation of patient with voice disorders. 
SonoVoice is developed in collaboration with 
Duke, NYU, University of Utah, and NC State University. 

Request

SonoVoice & Conifer Collaborated on three objectives:
Technical grant writing for an NSF STTR grant 
Engineering for device development and iteration 
Manufacturing 

Result

Summer of 2024 SonoVoice won their STTR grant and kicked off the clinical studies required for device commercialization. Functional prototypes have been developed and SonoVoice has been able to raise additional public and private funding to launch their product. 
Boreas Monitoring
Conifer works with Boreas Monitoring conducting product development, manufacturing, and R&D. 

Boreas Monitoring
Boreas was founded by lab professionals with 80+ years of experience owning/operating fertility laboratories. The CryoScout™ system was developed while the founders managed cryotanks, identifying inherent flaws in the temperature-based monitoring systems commonly used throughout the industry.

Mission 
Boreas Monitoring is on a mission to improve the safety and security of cryogenic storage tanks. Started by a team with over 80 years of combined experience in IVF, Biobanking, and cryogenic storage. While this is a billion dollar industry, storage tank monitoring is still largely manual. 


Request
Boreas approached Conifer seeking to:
Resolve known issues with current prototype, and stabilize prototype for initial sales and market feedback
Develop a new version of their device that was more robust and manufacturable 
Support manufacturing and installation operations and logistics 


Result
Resolved known issues with V1 and enabled first 50 unit sales 
Developed V2 of their device in 3 months 
Reduced material cost (BOM cost) by over 60% 
Set up production line with calibration, quality control, and logistics allowing Boreas to produce units on a just in time basis

Listening.io
Conifer worked with Listening to launch their product and implement world class AI/ML methods for interpreting, reading, and annotating scientific text. 
Listening
Listen to academic papers on the go With voices that sound like an actual person speaking

Respell.ai
Conifer worked with Respell to launch their early iterations of product, manage their engineering resources, and ensure best coding practices were implemented across the product.
Respell
Run your Business
with Agentic AI Workflows.
We believe people should spend time solving problems that matter to them - not the busy work that gets in the way.

Particle.io
Conifer works with Particle in an ongoing capacity as implementation partners. We help Particle customers get off the ground. With over a decade of combined experience with the IoT devices, we are among the leading experts in the feild.  

Particle
Particle is an IoT Platform-as-a-Service that manages communication, from edge to cloud and back. Over 240k developers, and 160+ Enterprise customers are building on Particle, from fast-growing startups to Fortune 100 companies.

Modke
Conifer worked with Modke to create a first of its kind HDI device for a desktop computer without requiring a driver installation. 

Modke 
Modke is a technology startup currently operating in stealth

Proaxion
Conifer worked with Proaxion to solve a critical challenge connecting their existing devices to a new cellular network. Conifer created the cellular connection toolset. 

Proaxion
ProAxion will transform the way you think about machine health, leverage predictive technologies, and optimize the performance of your industrial assets. Our mission is singularly focused on driving business outcomes.

Mission 
ProAxion is a machine intelligence platform created to ensure large industrial facilities have maximal machine uptime. ProAxion accomplishes this with a proprietary monitoring sensor and a cellular LTE gateway to report the sensor results to the cloud.  
Request
ProAxion approached Conifer with a simple but urgent request:
Integrate a new LTE modem and network as soon as possible to mitigate the damage of a 2g/3g cellular network outage. 


Result
Conifer integrated a stand alone LTE modem into their gateway controller and worked with the Proaxion team to get 
this solution deployed in under 2 weeks.
Highlight Industries
Conifer worked with Highlight industries to create a computer vision program that would automatically dimension loads placed on their device. Conifer created the hardware and software required to operate the computer vision system. 

Highlight Industries
 We engineer and build end-of-the-line packaging solutions. 
Our products range from manual handwrappers and hand tapers, to semi-automatic and automatic packaging machinery in many sizes and shapes.
RecRe
Conifer works with RecRe to refine and improve their self service rental platform. Conifer’s focus is on the hardware development and IoT networking. 

RecRe
An all-in-one rental solution
RecRe combines the modern convenience of lending lockers with the precision and efficiency of inventory management software for easy rentals, effortless oversight, and insightful analytics.
Spiffy
Conifer works with Spiffy to refine their EasyTread Computer Vision product offering. Conifer cofounder Zach Fearnside is the original inventors of the EasyTread product. 

Spiffy
Professional Car Care, Delivered. With the tap of a button, simply schedule your next car detail or mobile maintenance service at home or work. We offer a wide array of services, from a simple clean to comprehensive care, that will leave your vehicle spotless and safe.

Email Copy Writing Guide --- 
Subject
1. Test multiple subject lines (at least 4)
2. Core Architecture of a Subject:  [End Result Customer Wants] + [Specific Time Period] + [Address Objections]
3. Three core “themes” for a headline 
   1. Competitive - “steal your competitors secrets”
   2. Benefit Driven - “within two weeks you will be playing the guitar like jimi hendrix”
   3. Inspirational - “You can teach your 2 year old how to spell using these tools”


Email Body 
1. No one cares about you. They only care about themselves. When people read your writing they skim everything to find what you are trying to say to them. What can you do for them, how, when, and for how much?
2. Write funny, write informative, just don’t be boring. 
3. Sound casual, sound human
4. People respond to something New, Novel, or Helpful make sure to grab attention with one of these things. 
5. Know your customer and talk to them as they talk with their friends 
6. Use social proof, determine what portfolio job they are most similar to and incorporate a one or two sentence nod to the previous success 
7. Keep it short and keep the grammar very simple 


Formula for Writing Email 
1. First grab their Attention
2. Then gather their Interest
3. Then build their Desire 
4. Then guide them to take Action


